# Folder-Manager
easily select and delete files with easy to use GUI using Auto-Hotkey.


This script was auto-generated using AI for personal use, then adjusted to work universally for anyone so i can share it with my buddies. Attached will be a compiled version, should work without Auto-hotkey BUT have not tested it without Auto-Hotkey downloaded.


To use just download and run the .exe script if you don't have Auto-Hotkey downloaded
IF you do have Auto-Hotkey downloaded, right click the file and click "Open-With" then find "Auto-Hotkey Launcher" (I'm sure if you have ahk you know this already but HEY.)

Select the file location you want to add remove files from.(currently not used - continue to other steps)

a GUI message box will appear with drop downs and options to ADD/REMOVE files. 

Once the file you want removed is highlighted, you press remove and it places the folder AND ITS CONTENTS into the Recycling Bin. These can ofcourse be recovered from the recycling bin.

I added a new button “Move Folder” to the GUI. When you click this button it will get the currently selected folder from the ListBox and then open a dialog for you to select the destination directory. The selected directory will then be moved to the new location. If there are any files in the destination with the same name they will be overwritten.



Use this Tool at your own risk, the outcome of usage is the fault of the user. Majority of this code was autogenerated with a-i and then reformatted to fit my extra needs. This is open source and the entire code can be seen by opening the .ahk file with any Notepad program.
